Added support for unwanted function; added more tests. (#8)
fatih/faillint: README.md

`faillint` works on a file, directory or a Go package:

```sh
$ faillint -paths "errors,fmt.{Errof}" foo.go # pass a file
$ faillint -paths "errors,fmt.{Errof}" ./...  # recursively analyze all files

> $ faillint -paths "errors,fmt.{Errof}" github.com/fatih/gomodifytags # or pass a package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ faillint -paths "errors,fmt.{Errorf}" foo.go # pass a file
$ faillint -paths "errors,fmt.{Errorf}" ./...  # recursively analyze all files
$ faillint -paths "errors,fmt.{Errorf}" github.com/fatih/gomodifytags # or pass a package
```

Reviewer 2: Good catch 👍

Author: Ups, thanks!
